
Banking Application:

1) Create Endpoint (Creates a customer and saves it in the Customer database table) :
    1. Create method in service class is used which returns a customer object:
        1. Create method from details repository is used:
            1. Details model class is used which is similar in structure to the details database table.
        2. Create method from accounts repository is used:
            1. Accounts model class is used which is similar in structure to the accounts database table.
        3.  Create method from customer repository is used:
            1. Customer model class is used which is similar in structure to the customer database table.

2) Fixeddeposit Endpoint (Creates a fixeddeposit account and saves it in the fixeddeposit database table) :
    1. CreateFD method in service class is used which returns customer object:
        1. CreateFD method in details repository class is used:
            1. Details model class is used.
        2. CreateFD method in account repository class is used:
            1. Accounts model class and fixeddeposit model class is used.
        3. Create method in customer repository class is used:
            1. Customer model class is used.
        4. Interest method is used which takes in parameters from user to account map in customer input.

3) Balance Endpoint (Returns the balance of the user) :
    1. Getbalance method in the service class is used which returns a long value i.e. balance:
        1. Getbalance method in the account repository is used which gets data from the database.

4) Deposit endpoint (Returns the updated balance of the user) :
    1. Deposit method in the service class is used which returns a long value i.e. balance:
        1. Getbalance method from the account repository is used to get the current balance.
        2. Updatebalance method from the account repository is used to update deposited balance.
        3. Save method from the transaction repository is used to save transaction details.

5) Withdraw endpoint (Returns the update balance of the user) :
    1. Withdraw method in the service class is used which returns a long value.
        1. Getbalance method from the account repository is used to get the current balance.
        2. Updatebalance method from the account repository is used to update deposited balance.
        3. Save method from the transaction repository is used to save transaction details.